hi to all youtube friends welcome
in this new of ours has arrived
Christmas gift of jailbreak for ios
set on our apple devices without
no doubt a beautiful gift
unexpected among other things to say
and sorry if the shooting will be done
with lepad but unfortunately the means do not me
allow you to do otherwise
moment I will even use the mac of
my brother so I couldn't go outside
another already to prepare the show put
a lot of time therefore obviously the
guide will be understandable
we're going to change an iphone 5 with ios
7.0.2 but this guide is compatible and is
identical for all devices
compatible then up to ayers 7.0
point 4 then I connected to the iphone
downloaded the program from instead a
com or this site but we can
download for me so it is for windows
very important before doing the
jailbreak
you need to make a backup of your data
our device
after making a backup via itunes
and through claude obviously backup is
essential to avoid losing
data is better to recover them in case of
loss of all data
I'll show you the site again
however you find it in the description
element and here are all written
compatibility therefore with all the
iphone ipod touch ipad and ipad mini
perfect very important too
disable all passwords
if you have them on the device
then we can proceed later
having made a backup we download
the application we open the file e
click on the perfect jailbreak button
various operations will be carried out in
previous should not require more
of five minutes
meanwhile I will show you what happens on
computer and what happens
on the iphone app jailbreak data
the iphone at the moment remains as it was
I recommend always making the backup
backups always serve to recover the
data I just did put us
so much time because I didn't do it from
for months but obviously I could not do
not even in this case except go to
take a moment did not show signs of
change in the way the screen is
applications were always blocked
instead one takes about 20 months and we go
to unlock the iphone
I'm looking for the iPhone while I do the
video is because to avoid
ok arrived my brother noticed that
he was using his computer
meanwhile we are at 22 of with figures
insist procedure should not
ok we will be forced to
reset the device but not
worried because the possibility that
I go by hand to a jailbreak of this type
it is absolutely very low power
I'm not touching the iPhone
the iphone as it was left is better
avoid pressing keys or in any case
use it
in fact also the same while there is
reboot the device
the same program recommends doing a
backup as you can read is written
we don't think there should be
problems but there may be something
however it is always better to protect yourself
dabo or device rebooting
ok perfect the iphone start to boot
practically now exactly like the
old the break we should open
an application on our iphone e
then cydia will be installed
to consider please unblock the
your device and opened the year on
let's say it has the new icon of law
even this is still mis
waiting for it to just come on
kata symbol done as you can see
on the cell device
I am going to give you this new division icon
in April the device restarts yes
see the upload icon
even for nothing the procedure is
went to 90 percent successfully in
without missing the final blow if these
we can say but we're almost there
as you can see we are about five
minutes the device is restarting
that the apple came out again
practically now at startup I should
to find myself cydia later makes rome
garrison is normally going to come
device will perform a respring is then
can easily use you
device to continue please
unlocks the device
the device is still turning on
perfect of course this guide is the
face of his iphone but is equal on
any other perfect device
unblocked my device indeed the
provision continues to move forward
how you want to see
better also in this case do not touch
we expect nothing to be terminated
all the perfect process is over
possibly on the computer it turns out is
over
the iPhone reboots
ok let's wait for it to come on
completely to see precisely cydia
on our device with ios set a lot
positive because I will do so again
many videos continue to
follow me guys to understand how
works the jailbreak you find already
lots of videos for the versions
previous
obviously they also apply to this
jailbreak I miss the aias 7 surely
we can have more fun at
customize this without any
doubt perfect look on the device
now there is a self configuration of that
we can call it meanwhile on the peter
finished wanting powers press her already
exit but I honestly prefer
leave the program open until
end
could be the final provision
for a moment, position ipad better
as well as device is restarting
perfect
ok his summer has restarted let's go
to check
we have pitfalls on our device
then the jailbreak was performed with
success we have perfect cydia
preparing the filesystem later
cydia our positive will effect
a respring and we can use the
jailbreak on our iphone with ios 7
great guys we'll come back to do
video I recommend you continue to
follow me
share this video that you sign up
to the channel to the next guys